Okay, good, now point six.
What Jehovah does for his friends?
Cassie, can you tap that link?
Jehovah has done so much for me.
When I was 14, things that happened in the past started to catch up with me emotionally.
And I felt like everything that had happened in my life was my fault.
Learning from the Bible that God says that He will take my right hand,
that He will fortify me, that He will really help me.
It blew me away.
She mentioned a Bible passage where Jehovah takes our hand.
Can you read that?
At Isaiah 41, 10 and 13.
Please, do not be afraid, Brian, with you.
Do not be anxious for I am your God.
I will fortify you.
Yes, I will help you.
I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.
13, for I Jehovah your God and grasping your right hand.
The one saying to you, do not be afraid, I will help you.
So, Cassie, according to these verses, what is Jehovah promised to do for all of his friends?
Help us when we're down or scared?
Yes.
Let's look a little closer, though.
I will fortify, I will help, I will really hold on.
Does that sound like a friend who can help or a friend who wants to help?
I never thought of God, Jehovah, like that.
Do you think that Jehovah would make a good friend?
Sure.
Why?
In verse 10, Jehovah stretches out his hand to you, which one?
His right.
And then in verse 13, he takes your hand, which one?
My right.
How?
Cassie, come here.
So is Jehovah beside you holding your hand or is he in front?
That's it.
His right hand, taking your right hand.
He's facing you.
To pull you up and out, Cassie, what is Jehovah pulled you out of?
Oh, bless us, and that is a direct result of friendship with Jehovah.
It grows stronger, the more we talk to him.
Let's look at that in the next section, okay?